White House official Larry Kudlow he was
on CNN over the weekend as you might
recall on February 25th Larry Kudlow
said that the corona virus was quote
contained we ripped him for it here on
the show and he had to answer for that
remark over the weekend let's take a
listen yes
some doctors were more fearful other
doctors had many different things to say
out I want to get in and play this game
who said what and when political leaders
one well-known political leader in the
House went to Chinatown in San Francisco
and said everything is ok ok one
important anchor on your network as late
as mid-march said basically the Cova 19
virus was no worse than an ordinary flu
year I mean they're people saying my
quote was at that time there were very
few cases then as the virus spread
exponentially in ways that virtually no
one could have predicted of course we
changed our mind
so Larry hello you're just being being
like I was just as dumb as Nancy CNN
anchor is not a real defense look it's
indefensible and it's so nobody could
have predicted this actually a lot of
people predicted us a lot including us
Ryan as Axios points out in their
write-up of this incident is that on the
very same day the director of the CDC's
national Prevention's Service told
reporters that a corona virus outbreak
was inevitable this is exactly what we
all knew is that the groundwork for a
pandemic was laid on February 25th and
this was in the midst of people in the
administration going out there and
saying that the virus was contained and
I said this is gonna come back to be one
of those 2008 the fundamentals of our
economy are strong moments because of
how foolish it was gonna look and now
look here we are in the midst of a
literal economic crisis the worst
economic crisis since the Great
Depression and doesn't look so good and
this it's just it goes to show that all
that there are no heroes in any of this
Nancy Pelosi
also in a similar date going on saying
please go to Chinatown he's right there
were CNN anchor saying that it was just
like the flu a lot of the media in early
January was saying don't don't worry
about the corona virus pandemic please
please please it's
like the flu nobody very few people
handled this correctly from the very
beginning but you got to take
responsibility whenever it comes to know
I doubt anyone in the administration
told Kudlow to go out and do that
he wasn't did it because he wanted to
try and juice the stock market right
well how did that work out that's
exactly it's so important to remember
back to that time that was exactly the
concern not just from Kudlow but from a
lot of the administration the President
himself was trying to downplay concerns
at that time because they were so
worried about the freakin stock market I
mean which now just seems like absurd
that that was your number one priority
as if you could just buy like a bunch of
happy talk pretend like this pandemic
isn't going to occur it was completely
absurd at the time and you have to
imagine like you said at the time we saw
I mean no one could know exactly what
was coming of course but you could read
the report you could read the analyses
and know that this was a thing to be
taken seriously to see even the limited
information coming out of China and know
that this was a thing to be taken
seriously you have to assume that the
administration had access to more and
better information than even we and
other members of public had access to so
just to downplay at that time in hopes
of juicing the stock market
it was completely unconscionable and by
the way this has real con this wasn't
just like somebody spouting off on cable
news this had real consequences we
talked about one study from the
University of Chicago that analyzed Sean
Hannity viewers versus actually Tucker
Carlson viewers so both Fox News
obviously Prime time one right after
another and Tucker was much more serious
about the virus up front cautioning his
viewers versus Hannity who was sort of
towing the administration line as you
heard articulated by Larry Kudlow
and the Hannity viewers were more likely
to be infected they were more likely to
die I mean this had real life or death
consequences you could see it in that
study and you could also see it in terms
of the administration response I mean we
are now as a nation one of the worst in
the world in terms of the amount of
infections and the amount of death and
part of that is very much because they
wanted to drag their feet at the
beginning they wanted to pretend like
this wasn't happening they wanted to
wear their rose-colored glasses and
share those rose-colored glasses with
the rest of the public yeah I mean look
it's from a
politics perspective prepare for the
worst and you pray for the best and like
you don't go out there and save the
virus is contained on February 25th when
that's very much not the case especially
almost a month after we banned travel
from China which was a very good
decision and look I knew at the time
that that would come back to be one of
the worst moments in the administration
and especially and especially going
forward and that's exactly what happened
is that when you have people out there
you can't just try and juice the stock
market with a stray comment like you
have to think about what the long-term
look of this is gonna look like and it
did not come back to look good for Larry
Kudlow indeed as you see him furiously
trying to spin those comments even
months later all right we'll have more
rising for you after those